NAVIGATION — CANONICAL PROJECT
Start Here: DHIKA PROJECT MAP
Back to: EPISODE EVIDENCE ARCHIVE
This file is the exact imported RAW SOURCE for Original Episode 03. Analysis nahi. Factual dispute mein isi raw text ko authority do.
========================================================================================================================
EPISODE 3
URL: https://eroticaphd.com/ams/dhika-an-innocent-angel.164/page/episode-03.8092/
========================================================================================================================
She saw the knee length skirt which John asked her to wear to Aunty's house.
She didn't want to wear it as to aunty's house as it would have been disrespectful in front of uncle. Now come to think of it, wearing it she might have probably and unknowingly made uncle to have some thoughts about her by. She thanked god that she took a better decision that day. But today, she wanted to wear it.....
Dhika: what if Chotu sees me in this..... would he like it.... will he think I look beautiful....she felt shy.
With little second thoughts, she wore the skirt and a sleeveless top which was not deep cut but left a slight hint of gap between skirt and top. (  she didn't want cleavage to be visible as she was not sure herself and was not sure how Chotu felt)
(  with slight wet hair and knee length skirt and top she stood in front of the mirror ) She noticed a little stomach visible but it was very little and she did not mind.... what she did not realize was that if she raises her hands... the top will raise up and more stomach will be visible.....
She wore little mascara and rose lipstick and she looked stunning.
Ding Dong..............
She suspected who it was, she felt little butterflies in her stomach.
Chotu: didi...... open the door.... how long I have to wait... he sounded happy.
Dhika: opening the door..... my dear Chotu babuuu.... she tapped his cheeks lovingly..
She does this to Chotu often and he liked it too.
Chotu: sitting down and unpacking.... didi..... where is Pappu.
He did not yet notice the new dress.
Dhika: He went out with Aunty Chotu.... why you went on sudden leave. ? she couldn't wait to ask....
Chotu: raising his head to answer her...... now he saw what she was wearing..
Dhika saw the boy was absentmindedly looking at her from her wet hair till her slender legs.....and she liked it for some reason she did not know.
Dhika: earth to Chotu babuuu.... 1... 2.... 3..... hehe
Chotu: uhnn..... haan didi..... my grandmother died and so, I had to go to my village... she was sick from a long time and then passed away.
Dhika gave her condolences. Chotu thanked her and while unpacking..... he kept stealing glances at her milky legs. Dhika noticed it too...
Chotu: didi... why is your hair wet.... you may get cold.....
Dhika: I just bathed Chotu.... saying she shook her head and little water droplets scattered everywhere...
she started taking the things to kitchen. While keeping one of item on top of shelf..... she had to raise her hands well above her hear and when she did.... she noticed Chotu looking something at the mid..... she looked down to see what it was and saw her top raised and navel was visible...
She turned and looked at Chotu who was still looking at her navel.. she felt a bit of excitement.
Dhika: Chotuuuu..... she said softly..... what are you looking at ?
Chotu: startled.... he blabbered.... uhn nothing didi.... I just saw what you are doing.... I was worried if you might fall. he lied
Dhika: awwwww.... my chotu babu is so caring towards me...
Chotu: smiling awkwardly
Dhika: deciding to tease him a little more.......stupid me.... I thought you were looking at my stomach.
Chotu: uh... what.... no .... no didi.... i did not see anything....
Dhika: turned away and giggling..... she came to know that Chotu liked looking at her body.
Men have always looked at her... but she never gave them any chance to look at her skin. But she felt very excited to show and tease Chotu.... This was new to her and she found a profound eagerness towards it. She came back and stood next to him while he finished packing....
Dhika: uhhhh Chotu..... as usual you forgot something.....
Chotu: oh yess... the ice creams.... I left them in the freezer to take when I leave...... my bad...10 mins didi....
He stood and run. All the way to the store and back..... he was thinking only about one thing.
Chotu: Why is didi suddenly looking different...... stupid me.... why did I look at her stomach. The other day also.... I saw her boobs while she was cleaning the floor.... isss they were looking so white...
He shook his head and tried to clear his thoughts thinking it was accidental and it was bad to think about them. (  He is a nice guy )
Chotu: Why didi started wearing short dress... she is feeling comfortable with me and I should not spoil it..
He kept running all these in his mind till he reached her house.
Meanwhile at the house...... Dhika felt very excited and a little afraid too... she wasn't sure what she may do next.
Chotu: didi...... open the door.... I brought your ice creams....
Dhika: opening the door.... thank you chotu.... can you put them in freezer and bring the chocobars here... she went and took the sofa...
Chotu: he kept the cup in freezer and took the chocobars to her.... here didi... she only took one from him.
Dhika: that one is for you.... sit and eat...
Chotu: smiling like a child... thank you didi.... he proceed to sit on the floor.
Dhika: sit here.... she caught hold of his hands and pulled and made him sit on the 3 seater sofa facing her... both were facing each other.
Chotu: but didi......
Dhika: duttt.... no buts... sit and eat.... she had her legs folded in cross fashion.... (  like while sitting down and eating). so was chotu..
Both started eating the chocobar.... and she decided to play with him...
Dhika: So chotu..... what else did you do in the village... did you meet all your girl friends ??? hehe
Chotu: what.... yaya didi..... I met all my 10 girl friends... he responded playfully....
Chocobar was melting and a drop from Chotu's bar was about to fell.... Dhika casually (  her sweet innocent nature )caught it in her fingers and licked in her mouth... Chotu noticed it,.. but did not mind..
Dhika: hitting him lightly on his knee...uh haan.... 10 ... is it enough chotu... hehe.
Chotu: for now that all I got didi... hehe
Now a drop from Dhika's bar dripped and fell on her palm..... Since the palm was very close to Chotu.... he swept it from her palm and licked in his mouth... he also did this innocently and Dhika did not mind..
Dhika: oi.... don't make my palm dirty... she teased... hehe
Chotu: hehe... no didi..if anything, I cleaned it.
Dhika: hehe.. so your gfs did you kiss any of them chotu...
Chotu: not expecting her to talk about kiss..... uh what..... he stammered a little..
Dhika: giggling.. hehehe
They both were sitting opposite to each other and because of her giggling and excitement.... she kept moving closer and now her both knees where hitting his bare knees. (  Chotu always wears shorts)
Dhika: teasing him further.... have you ever kissed a girl for real Chotu.....
Chotu: feeling comfortable suddenly...... he played along..... oh yeah didi.... I kiss all 10 of my girl friends...
Both started laughing and eating the ice cream.... They both were immersed in conversation and laughter when suddenly a drop a her ice cream fell and landed on her bare stomach, very close to her navel....
Dhika felt the sudden chill of the ice cream on her stomach....and looked down.
Without thinking.... with in the fraction of second the drop fell.... Chotu swept the drop directly from her stomach and licked his finger.
As soon as he put his finger in his mouth.... his eyes widened.... he realized what he did. he got tense...
Dhika burst into laughter.....
Chotu: sorry didi sorry ...... i did it unknowingly....sorry sorry.....
Dhika: hehehehe.... chotu......you are eating ice cream from my stomach.... hehehe... she laughed so innocently... she didn't take it in a bad way..
Chotu: smiling awkwardly..... I didn't mean to didi... it happened all of a sudden...
Dhika: hehe... its okay Chotu... don't worry.... was it tasty... she teased
Chotu: uhnn..... yes didi.... the ice cream is tasty...
Dhika: so, Chotu.... now tell me the truth.... have you ever kissed a girl ?
Chotu: haa... feeling shy...... no didi..... I have not..
Dhika: Why Chotu.... are you afraid...hehe.... she teased him again... (  This is the same girl who had her first kiss after marriage)
Chotu: No didi..... I had only one gf earlier.... but I thought what if she didn't like my kiss
Dhika: giggling.... girls must be lucky to get a kiss from my Chotu babu..... she said lovingly... and gave him a flying kiss but without using hands.. (  she was in a very jovial mood)
She continued laughing innocently...
A little ice cream got smeared on her upper lips.... slowly but steady and laughing.... she licked to clean it..... Chotu noticed it.... Dhika saw chotu noticing it ..
Suddenly both fell silent.... because both unknown to each other.... fell into a similar thought.... Chotu looking at Dhika's lips which Dhika didn't notice and Dhika looking at Chotu's lips which Chotu did not notice..
Chotu: did she mean it ??... that a girl would like my kiss..... will didi like.... is that why she gave me a flying kiss..... (  his innocent mind was racing towards non-innocent state)
Dhika: aww,.... chotu thinks girls may not like his kiss.... he is a cute fellow...they should like it... but how would his kiss be.... will it be nice..... will "I" like it...
Suddenly both came into reality and noticed they both were looking at each others lips...
Chotu on one hand.... shook his head and stood up...
Dhika on the other hand....nervous and excited by the thought of him noticing her lips... fell back on the sofa looking up at the ceiling dreamingly... what if he too wondered if "I" would like his kiss... she blushed a little because of her thought...
When she laid down..... her skirt raised a little and so did her top... Chotu looked deep at her...
She looked so beautiful and sexy for the first time in his mind..... her very little visible thighs were thick and so milky. Her stomach and navel looked so good...
Looking at her blushing.... in her dreaming state...eyes closed..... not knowing what took over his mind... he bent down and gave a quick kiss on her rosy Lips
and she kissed back.....
The moment she kissed him... she opened her eyes, her eyes widened and she stood up with such a force that Chotu became afraid and moved back..
The moment she kissed him... she opened her eyes, her eyes widened and she stood up with such a force that Chotu became afraid and moved back.....
Chotu's innocent self took over and he moved timidly towards the wall....
Dhika: smiling little blushingly.... I liked it.... she ran to her bedroom and closed the door.
Still afraid and not knowing what to do....... he took the money and left the house, closing the main door behind.
The following morning..... while bathing.... she thought a lot out the previous evening.... she liked what happened with Chotu but felt shy thinking about it..... and within moments, she felt bad thinking that if it is cheating.... but she did not fully understand if it was cheating or not. It was merely an innocent quick kiss and Chotu is just a teenager and did not know what he was doing.....
She still did not acknowledge that she too kissed back. And she did not utter one word to John about Chotu and the kiss.
She went to college today and was lost in work.... when it was time to leave..... she realized its Wednesday and the twins will be coming home today for tuitions.... all the horror of the previous day with them came to her mind.
Time: 3 PM.
Pappu was sleeping and she was lying next to him in bed and surfing mobile when she heard the bell..... she guessed who it was. Feeling nervous... she went and opened the door.
Twins: Good afternoon miss.....
Dhika: Come in Bantu and Bobby.....
For a few minutes.... none of them spoke. She offered water to them which they took and gulped without a word.... They took a seat in the floor and took their notes out.... She sat with them in a circle with Bantu on one side and Bobby on one side.... and they started explaining her what they have prepared so far....
All three of the behaved as if nothing had happened the day before yesterday and it was a great releif for Dhika. Within minutes..... sweet happy and jovial Dhika came out and charming Bantu surfaced and as usual Bobby stared at them creepyly. (  The boys were seeing her first time in Kurti. She was fully covered but it was body hugging tight and her boobs were looking full majestic as her duppatta was around the neck)
Bantu: Miss.... you look very pretty in this dress... I have never seen you in kurti before.
Dhika: hehe... thank you dear.... because college allows only saree and we have never met anywhere outside before.
Dhika: you don't like my dress bobby ? she asked teasingly..
Bobby: blushing and silent... he smiled and nodded a litte.
Dhika: hehe.... we have know each other for almost many years now... you should talk freely with me....
Sitting down and working with them led her into sitting on her dupatta and it dragged her neck back quite often....Looking down, she noticed she is only using it for neck and didn't really needed it.
She know Bantu and Bobby very well and didn't mind.... so removed her dupatta and threw it on the sofa.... both Bantu and Bobby noticed this..
Bantu: Miss..... I like your dress very much.... is this what you were in home always ?
Dhika: not really Bantu..... I wear more casual dress at home....
Bantu: so why are you not wearing them now miss.......
Dhika: hehe.... I can't wear them infront of outsiders Bantu..... I feel shy.
Bantu: miss..... just now you said to Bobby that we have known each other for years and should feel free..... if you itself don't be free, how will he be....
Bantu had a point..... well, actually he knew how to move coins.... but Dhika only saw from his point of view. Looking at her thinking about it, Bantu thought he has succeeded and perhaps could see her in more casual dress soon. But what came next was a surprise.
Dhika: hehe....(  teasingly)... Bobby.... look at me...tell something to me that you always wanted to tell but never said and I will change into a comfortable home wear.
She did not expect Bobby to tell anything because sudden questions always startle him.. but to both Bantu and Dhika's surprise...
Bobby: I too always think you look very beautiful miss... I like your smile very much and it makes your cute face more cuter..
Dhika
h my my...... feeling blushed a little.... thank you bobby.
Without waiting one second.... she went to her room and closed the door..Bantu looked puzzled and Bobby thought he said something wrong and she got angry.
Innocent Dhika went to the room to honor her deal then and there.... she thought what to wear... she took a knee length skirt and sleeveless top but till neck and wore and came out....
As she came out.... the twins looked at her, which she noticed....and to her own surprise, she gave a swril and when she did...the free skirt rose a tiny bit and her long slender legs looked alluring.
Bantu: miss.... you are looking hot
Dhika: Bantuuuuuuuuuuuuu...(  her eyes became like balls)..blusing......hehe.... you cannot say that to me..... I am your teacher..
Bantu: miss.... you only thought us that we should always express ourselves as long as we don't hurt others feeling.... were your feelings hurt miss....he put up a puppy face (  he did know how to put someone in corner)
Dhika: hehee... no.... she smiled shyly.....
Bantu: well.... then I can say.... you look very hot miss...
Dhika: blushing and giggling.... she looked at bobby.
Bobby's eyes were scanning her and he was blushing just as her.. she went to him and pinched his cheeks like a child's... Bobby felt even more shy.
Dhika sat with them and continued her class till they left...
Rest of her evening was pretty boring.... Pappu was sleeping and she tried watching TV but nothing was interesting. She thought of doing any work, but there wasn't much to do..... She went and layed with Pappu in his bed and was gazing around his room. It looked very dirty.... Pappu had a bad habit of drawing over the walls.
John came around 7 PM, and when they sat together, she said what happened to him.
John: Those twins succeeded in what I couldn't for years.....
Dhika: hehe..... what are you saying John.
John: I have been asking you to wear modern dresses when we go to my friends gathering but you never did.... but the twins made you wear one.
Dhika: hehe.... Johnnnn.... stop..... your friends and the boys are not the same... They are just innocent teenagers....
John: Bantu sure does found you hot.... winking at her.
Dhika: pskkk.... I have know him for years and he is a sweet boy and it was just an innocent guesture....
John smiled at how she thinks everyone is innocent.
Dhika: So dear, I am thinking about a new house project......
John: Looked up at her from his newspaper.... didn't you start it already with the twins..
Dhika: giving him an angry look.... its just an hour of tuition. So, I am thinking to repaint Pappu's room. it looks very dull and dirty..
John: hmmmmm.... I was thinking about it too.....okay I will talk to contracter.
Dhika: noo listen John.... I want to do it myself.... I am bored in the evenings and it am going to paint it to our taste.... she smiled a little and said.... I will take help from Chotu if needed.
John: Chotu...... I see. (  Dhika blushed very subtly, but he saw Smile )
The following day.... she was busy in the afternoon... she went to paint shop, spent a lot of time there choosing paints.... pattern brushes and everything and decided to start from Saturday.
On Friday afternoon, she came late from college and the twins came almost along with her. Since they all reached at the same time.... she started her tuitions immediately when they reached and so sat with them in saree itself. Bantu felt sad that he could not see her sexy legs today. They focussed on the studies and Dhika was teaching by having a note in between them. The note was on the floor and she was leaning very much to write comfortably and the boys were sitting opposite to her, Turning heads and looking at the note. It was a hot day and the fan was in full speed.
With the effects of the high speed fan combined with her leaning posture..... slowly but steadyly.....her pallu slid down and a lot of her milky cleavage came into view. She was so busy in writing that she did not notice but continued writing and teaching them. Bobby kept stealing glances and looked to see if Bantu was looknig too. Bantu winked at Bobby and smiled.
In just couple of seconds later, her entire pallu dropped and fell on her left hand...... and again for the second time before the twins.... she felt horrified.
it was just mear 3 seconds before she fixed herself, but both Bobby and Bantu took everything into them like a eidetic memory.
She was wearing a pink color saree..... with matching blouse..... and wore red lipstick.... she was looking absolutely gorgeous. What was the highlight is her milky boobs. It looked like two jugs because they were filled with milk.. Her flawless skin made it look like melons served in a platter....
Dhika on the other hand couldn't believe this is happening to her for the second time in front of the twins... Eventhough it was just 3 seconds it took for her to fix it.... she saw that both Bobby and Bantu saw..... She noticed Bantu looked. kepping his face as if he tired to warn her..... Bobby on the other side got wide eyed just like last time and kept fixated.
Dhika: ayooooooo...... why does this keeps happening to me..... she was at the verge of crying..
Both Bobby and Bantu looked at each other and then look at her with a pity face.. neither of the boys said a word.
Dhika: I am so sorry that you both had to see me like this..... tears started rolling down her eyes.
Bantu: Miss.... please don't cry...
Bobby: he spoke quitely.... miss... its okay.. it was just an accident.
Dhika: with tears in eyes... I saw you boys saw my breast.... she sobbed...... what if someone comes to know..
Bantu: Miss.... we won't tell anyone.. trust us.
Bobby: miss.... he reached out and wiped the tears in her cheek.... we will not tell anyone... and no one will come to know.... we like you so much because you have been always very kind and caring towards us.... we both promise to keep our mouth shut and no one will hear about this..... please don't cry... I cannot bear to see tears in your eyes...
Both Dhika and Bantu were flabbergasted. This is the most long Bobby has ever spoken to her or in fact to any one at the college apart from Bantu.
Dhika shivered when bobby touched her cheeks.... but when he spoke she stunned because the quite shy and introvert had so much care towards her.... his words felt so good to her.
Bantu: giggling.....miss.... if bobby promises to keep his mouth shut.... I guess even god won't come to know about this... hehe... he made a funny comment..
Dhika understood what he meant and snorted a smile + laugh.
Dhika: smiling a little... thank you bobby... I trust you both... she patted his head..
Dhika: I am sorry this happened twice in front of you.... sorry you had to see this old body. (  because of the milk, her boobs felt big and heavy and she felt she is getting old and tad shaggy)
Bantu: miss..... you kidding..... you are not old..
Dhika: giggling a little....stop playing Bantu....
Bantu: Miss.. you are one of the most beautiful person I have ever seen. you have a very hot body and silky skin.
Dhika fell for his charming complements and blushed a little .. she returned to her sweet jovial state a little..
Bantu: miss..... even if this happens again... we would be lucky .... hehe
Dhika: she took a second to understand what he meant..... feeling so shy..... Bantuuuuuu.....
Bantu: you are not old miss..... your skin looks so soft and so does your......
Dhika: eyes widened...... shyness at her peek..... what !!
Bantu: bit his tongue and looked at her and bobby.... bobby smiled and put his head down.
Dhika: you are becoming naughty bantu..... she blushed and pinched his cheeks....
He made her forget her sorrow and made her smile...... bobby on the other hand made her comfortable.... she thanked both of them while they were leaving. Later that evening.... when John came... she did not say today's incident to him and about Bantu's comments. She felt shy and also little fear on what if John thinks bad about her..
Saturday she almost forgot about what happened the previous day and was busy cleaning the house and working.... she did not get time to start the painting. Evening John took her and Pappu for a movie and they had a nice time.. she forgot about the bad incident and returned to her sweet happy state.
Sunday afternoon around 12 PM, John was getting ready to go out for some errands....
Dhika: John dear.... can you please take Pappu with you....
John: why baby.... won't he have to eat and sleep....
Dhika: no no... he woke up very late and he won't sleep till late evening...
John: let him play here then....
Dhika: I am free now and .... thinking to start painting.... Pappu will come in between and he may get hurt... please please...she pleaded innocently....
John had no choice but to take Pappu with him..
Dhika started cleaning the room first..... she moved Pappu's little bed to their bedroom and his toys... once the room was empty she wanted to clear all the spider webs.... she was afriaid they might fall on her during painting.......the top corners were full of dust.... she cleaned for almost an hour and she was tired and all sweating.... It was a hot day and she was wearing a half hand grey colored T shirt and a matching knee length skirt... it was just an hour but she was already tired but she didn't want to stop... she atleast wanted to scrap off some old paint for the wall..
Dhika wanted help but John went outside and the only other person she needed is Chotu but he would be on leave. Besides, after what happened last time.... she felt very shy to face him ... she thought about the innocent kiss and blushed a little..
Just hoping for something... she called maami...
Dhika: Maami..... is Chotu on leave today..
Maami: Chotu is here.... since he took leaves last week, he came to work today.... do you want something delivered ?
Dhika: no no Maami.... I am painting Pappu's room and wanted some help... was hoping if Chotu is free....
Maami: Ohhh.. anyway there isn't much work today and no deliveries asked on Sunday as it is Chotu's usual off day.....I was just thinking to close soon..... okay, let me ask him...
Maami asked Chotu and confirmed that he can come in another 15 minutes....
Dhika thanked Maami and kept the call.... she blushed a little for unknown reason and went to back to work....
Ding Dong...... usually Chotu shouts from other side of the door but today it was silent...
Dhika: omg.... someone else has come.... I have to change my dress... running on tip toes, she peeped into the hole....
But Smiling... she opened the door...
Chotu: hello didi...... Maami said you wanted some help with painting something.... speaking rapidly but quiter than usual, he came inside...
Dhika: noticing he was nervous.... she understood.... hello Chotu babu... I am very good.... how are you ? she teased....
Chotu: haan.... didi..... sorry.... I am good too didi.....
On they way here Chotu thought how to apologize for what he did last time. It was an accident.... his mind was not working... he felt bad after he went home...but luck enough for him, Dhika did not speak anything about it and even behaved as if nothing happened.... Chotu felt a little relaxed yet was quiter than usual.
Dhika: hehe.... come....
Dhika understoor Chotu's nervouseness... she know why Chotu did it and he did not mean any harm or hurt to her.... it was just a spurr of the moment... Bringing it up again, she didn't want to make him uncomfortable...
She still did not deny nor accept to herself about she kissing him back.... when she tried, it only brought smile on her face.... followed by a little guilty feeling.
Dhika: Chotu... I am planning to paint Pappu's room and I really need your help.... we can do it slowly and whenever you canm, please come and help me.
Chotu: of course didi.... anything for you... he smiled and moved into to check the room..
They both worked for another one hour trying to scrap the old paint of the wall.. Chotu stood on the stool and started scrapping the top portion of the wall and Dhika on the other hand did the bottom portion of the wall....
Dhika was heavily sweating.... she excused to Chotu and went to bathroom to clean herself. As she stood infront of the mirror, she noticed
Her skin was shining due to all sweat and her T shirt was drenched in sweat.
Her T shirt became heavy due to sweat and clung to her body...
Suddenly she remembered of something that John was looking in his mobile one day... which Dhika saw and teased him a lot... It was a picture of an actress looking in a similar fashion as Dhika today but with much more revealing cleavage.....
The actress had a similar grey T shirt and she also had tied the corner of her T shirt into a knot which showed her stomach and navel.....
Dhika remembered Chotu licking the ice cream taking from her stomach..... blushing a little... she decided to tease him.
Giggling.... she took the bottom corner of her T-shirt and made a knot... it showed a very good portion of her stomach and full navel but also it shrink enough to show a bit of cleavage...
She looked at herself.... .unknown blushing took over her innocent self... and she felt very shy imagning Chotu looking at her like this......
and she went out.... towards Pappu's room.
Chotu did not immediately notice her when she came in, as he was on top of the stool and a little higher....
but soon caught her... From his angle he could see a lot of cleavage and he kept stealing glances and multiple times he got caught by Dhika, who only felt shy and blushed.
It was lunch time soon and both were very tired from working..... Dhika made him to stay for lunch after so much insisting..
Chotu was sitting on the floor and waiting for Dhika to bring him his food....They were both sweaty and Dhika liked it for some reason.. So she did not clean herself nor offered Chotu to use her bathroom to clean.... All they did was wash hands and proceed to sit to eat.. Dhika was still in excited mood...
Dhika: I don't know why John kept the extra plates in high shelf.... I cannot reach them at all... she wanted Chotu to look at her..
As she raised her hands to reach the shelf.... her knotted T shirt raised well above her navel.... almost to the base of her boobs...
Chotu saw everything from the head to toe in slow motion....
Wet hair due to sweat, looking curlier than ever..... face covered in sweat and the little lipstick she wore became too prominent and glossy... Lips full and thick and looking like a split cherry.... long neck which led down into the mango dripping breasts.... sweat from her face drained and took the pathway of the neck and gushed into the valley of her cleavage... As the drops traced the pathway... so did Chotu's eyes. His cock twitched in his pant....
From in between her breasts..... the trail of drops ran down her almost flat stomach and made a pool in her navel.. Chotu longed so much to suck the sweat from her navel... like the time he took and licked the ice cream from her stomach.....
He traveled his eyes down and saw a slight bump behind her at the end of her back... Apple would be the correct comparion... her little bum looked inviting to take a bite from..... calves toned in milk grew out of her skirt and ran down to meet the floor... where toes as pink as baby's.. One toe stood tip toed while the other in the air arched like a archer's bow.
While Chotu drank her image in slow motion.... Dhika saw chotu's eyes scanning her.... An immense shyness spread through her body and she jumped back.... giving a jerk to both her boobs and Chotu....
Chotu moved back and forth a little to adjust something on himself.... during which, as if trying to call her into attension.... Dhika saw rapid twiching from the big tent bulging from his shorts...... she felt too shy and exicited...
Dhika: its pulsating like a heart beat rythm..... omggggg.... its biggg.
​